h2. redcloth-rails

bq. Homepage: 	"Github":https://github.com/emjot/redcloth-rails
Author: 	    emjot GmbH & Co. KG

p. The redcloth-rails gem enables "RedCloth":http://redcloth.org for rails (>= 3.1).
It provides helpers to integrate the _TextileEditor_ toolbar.

h4. History

p. The _TextileEditor_ was created by Dave Olsen (Javascript) and Chris Scharf (Ruby/Rails) of "West Virginia University Web Services":http://webservices.wvu.edu .
The rails 3.0 support and gemification was realized by ryanfelton (https://github.com/ryanfelton/textile-editor-helper).

h4. Dependencies

* RedCloth (>= 4.2)
* rails (>= 3.1)
* sass-rails
* coffee-rails
* jquery

h4. Installation (via Bundler)

pre. Gemfile:
gem "redcloth-rails"

h4. Setup

Generate a config file

pre. rails g textile_editor_config

Include the coffeescript and scss files in your asset manifests

pre. app/assets/javascripts/application.js:
(...)
//= require textile-editor
//= require ./textile-editor-config

pre. app/assets/stylesheets/application.css:
(...)
*= require textile-editor

h4. Usage

Enable the _TextileEditor_ for your attributes in your form view:

<pre>
<%= form_for(@post) do |f| %>
  (...)
  <%= f.textile_editor :content %>
  (...)
<% end %>

(Or, to generate the input field without the form builder:)

<%= textile_editor :post, :content %>
</pre>

Initialize the _TextileEditor_ afterwards via:

pre. <%= textile_editor_initialize %>

h4. Rendering Textile

Please refer to "RedCloth":https://github.com/jgarber/redcloth.
If you use haml you may want to look at the "haml-contrib":https://github.com/haml/haml-contrib gem,
which provides a @:textile@ filter.

h4. Links

p(. "redcloth.org":http://redcloth.org
"textile_editor_helper (original)":http://slatecms.wvu.edu/open_source
"textile_editor_helper (upadated for rails 3)":https://github.com/ryanfelton/textile-editor-helper
"more info on textile":http://www.textism.com/tools/textile/
